Replace deprecated bx command with ibmcloud (#30)
ibmjstart/bluemix-letsencrypt: README.md

   --path           Path for the route
```

> Firstly you must have the [IBM Cloud CLI](https://console.bluemix.net/docs/cli/reference/bluemix_cli/get_started.html) installed, custom domains created, DNS configured, and know your cloud foundry org and space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly you must have the [IBM Cloud CLI](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cli?topic=cloud-cli-install-ibmcloud-cli) installed, custom domains created, DNS configured, and know your cloud foundry org and space.
```

Author: I added it to the PR.
